---
title: "Language Lost Between Arab-Americanism"
description: "This text shows up in search engine previews"
---


<h1>Hed Level Three</h1>

<h2>I don’t think I realized I was Arab-American until I was in the airport with tears streaming down my face, asking my parents why we were leaving “home,” while they responded simply that we were, in fact, going “home.” My mother claims this is the root of my problem with the Arabic language.
Sure, there was the glaring fact that my mother and father had darker, more olive skin than a typical American, and spoke in Arabic at home, but in my defense, I lived near Arab-Americans as well. Olive skin, Arabic music, big Middle Eastern dinners, and Eid - a celebration for Muslims - carnivals is what I defined asAmerica; It was what I defined as home.
This explains why, upon arriving in Palestine, my homeland, I came with a sense of defiance. I moved thinking I was different than all the kids in my neighborhood, and thus, it made learning Arabic a struggle. It did not feel natural like English. I could roll my r’s and pronounce Arabic names like my own correctly. I could understand what was said to me in Arabic and could conversate if I felt comfortable. But I also could not hold a conversation up for long without a pause to think of the Arabic word for “potato” or entirely switch to English without realizing. Arabic became a source of anxiety for me when my first grade teacher gently told me to repeat Arabic level one, explaining I could not graduate to the next level if I had a C. If I was asked to read out loud in class, I would read two dots in a letter instead of one, or entirely skip over a word and assume what it said. Teacher after teacher gently explained that I did not have the “natural strength” of Arabic.
While my mother was likely exaggerating about the density of it, I admittedly experienced anxiety trying to learn Arabic. I often wonder if I, in fact, do not have the capabilities what people believe is necessary to learn the language, or I simply could not process the sudden shift as a six-year-old and in result could not learn the language without psychologically attaching a negative feeling to it. Whether it is one or the other, I certainly now do not have the desire to learn more languages because I feel as though it would have the same result as trying to learn a language. This is why I believe there needs to be a larger scale in which communication, even with foreign languages, is readily available. While it is difficult to maintain, there needs to be an attachment to one’s mother tongue so that language is not lost between generations.</h2>


